by this newspaper / commander of
community and they were looking at the
new Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 others have
just been announced here at ether in
Berlin and it's Samsung's in New 7.7
inch tablet and lettings eats got a full
metal chassis do you remember the
original dimensions of the seven inch
Galaxy Tab the original model is samsung
announced vaca d4 last year this is
considerably thinner and it's got a
considerably more premium feel to it
would leave the metal casing now the
other big difference because they're on
the bottom is this
seven point seven inch 1280 by 800 foot
them HD display and this is using one of
Samsung's Super AMOLED panel so it looks
really really detailed very high PPI
you've been spending the same resolution
as say you've got on the 8.9 or
template1 it's rather so it is looking
great it's got something to TouchWiz
interface sitting on top of Android 3
honeycomb and there's various custom
maps that something that we loaded
they've got the widgets on this the
regular drove home screen
pick up a web site website yeah so if we
go in
to the browser does can see the results
of that
extra resolution
so just loading up / gear here
absolutely come into the mobile site
you've begun to the regular browser view
you can see that on this very Tom sized
easily hole with one hand you can see
the full text of all zooms in full with
the page you can read the texture you
don't actually need to zoom in it's all
very closely account double tablet it
seems we weren't here okay they've got
remember this is running pre-production
software so it's not quite finalized yet
again in one skateboards and text there
is even even better and if you think
this is actually wearing just you know
maybe less than 100 grams perhaps and
more than an amazon kindle three it's
actually thinner than a kindle great
you're getting quite a lot in one
package who's the old samson is normal
hubs so you get the reader for music of
the social networking club another
preloaded apps and it's got the new
version of the
Sam some video editing software and
obviously they are up store bit so you
can download more software of you on
that front facing video cameras 2
megapixels for video calls inside skype
and quick and it comes loaded with
Laura's office and its support USB host
and Wi-Fi directive and it'll also
support I believe Mike by AETN and I
thought that's jewel Mansura to
performing hurts by killing it hurts and
it's all channel bonding I believe this
is one of the important the new pair the
two new Android products if something is
announced here at 2,000